+++
title = "Capacity bounds of downlink network-MIMO systems with inter-cluster interference"
date = "2012-12-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Global Communications Conference*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE GLOBECOM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "To fully understand the capacity of clustered network-MIMO systems and analyze the system performance (throughput, energy-efficiency or quality of service), one must have an analytical expression of the system capacity or capacity bounds. In this paper, the impact of cluster size on the downlink network-MIMO system capacity is analyzed considering inter-cluster interference (ICLI) based on the 1-dimensional Wyner model. For the nonfading channels, the lower and upper bounds of the per-cell capacity with ICLI are derived. The per-cell capacity with ICLI demonstrates a linear growth versus the cluster size in the interference-limited regime due to ICLI. The lower and upper bounds are generalized to a 2-dimensional cellular system. The ICLI turns out to have a great impact on the system capacity when the cluster size is small. Introducing Rayleigh fading channels, assuming the number of users in each cell is sufficiently large, a lower bound of the per-cell ergodic capacity with ICLI is derived."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6503846/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

