+++
title = "Network Architecture, Methods, and Devices for a Wireless Communications Network - 1/3"
date = "2017-11-16"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Parkvall", "et al."]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["4"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*US PATENT*"
publication_short = "*US PATENT*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Methods and apparatus in a fifth-generation wireless communications network, including an example method, in a wireless device, that includes determining a reporting quality threshold for a parameter related to channel state information (CSI); performing a measurement for each of a plurality of beams from a first predetermined set of beams for evaluation; evaluating the measurement for each of the plurality of beams against the reporting quality threshold; discontinuing the performing and evaluating of measurements in response to determining that the reporting quality threshold is met for one of the beams, such that one or more beams in the first predetermined set of beams are not measured and evaluated; and reporting, to the wireless communications network, CSI for the one of the beams."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

