+++
title = "A novel TLS-based antenna reciprocity calibration scheme in TDD MIMO systems"
date = "2016-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Commun. Letters*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE Commun. Letters*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Antenna calibration is mandatory to exploit channel reciprocity in time-division-duplex multiple-input-multiple-output systems. In this letter, we present in detail an over-the-air total-least-square (TLS)-based reciprocity calibration scheme. It takes place, not only at the base station side, but also with the assistance of the user, such that the overall reciprocity is achieved. The calibration parameter estimation is formulated by a two-step optimization problem. The first-step is to solve a TLS problem and the second-step can be treated as a low-rank matrix approximation. Explicit solutions are derived, respectively, and extensive simulation results compared with existing schemes are given."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7501511/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

