+++
title = "Optimal discrete spatial compression for beamspace massive MIMO signals"
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Tran. Signal Process.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TSP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Deploying massive number of antennas at the base station side can boost the cellular system performance dramatically. Meanwhile, it however involves significant additional radio-frequency (RF) front-end complexity, hardware cost and power consumption. To address this issue, the beamspace-multiple-input-multiple-output (beamspace-MIMO) based approach is considered as a promising solution. In this paper, we first show that the traditional beamspace-MIMO suffers from spatial power leakage and imperfect channel statistics estimation. A beam combination module is hence proposed, which consists of a small number (compared with the number of antenna elements) of low-resolution (possibly one-bit) digital (discrete) phase shifters after the beamspace transformation to further compress the beamspace signal dimensionality, such that the number of RF chains can be reduced beyond beamspace transformation and beam selection. The optimum discrete beam combination weights for the uplink are obtained based on the branch-and-bound (BB) approach. The key to the BB-based solution is to solve the embodied sub-problem, whose solution is derived in a closed-form. Based on the solution, a sequential greedy beam combination scheme with linear-complexity (w.r.t. the number of beams in the beamspace) is proposed. Link-level simulation results based on realistic channel models and long-term-evolution (LTE) parameters are presented which show that the proposed schemes can reduce the number of RF chains by up to 25% with a one-bit digital phase-shifter-network. "

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.07590.pdf"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

