+++
title = "Pilot-data superposition for beam-based FDD massive MIMO downlinks"
date = "2017-03-06"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Ruichen Deng", "Zhisheng Niu", "Shan Cao"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Commun. Letters*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE Commun. Letters*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this letter, we propose a superposition signaling of pilots and data scheme (SPD) for beam-based frequency-division-duplex massive multiple-input multiple-output systems, which allows pilots and data to be transmitted simultaneously in the downlink. The proposed SPD scheme leverages spatial channel correlations to reduce the dimensionality loss, and more importantly, addresses the problem of uneven user channel correlations by superposition signaling of pilots and information bearing data symbols. Essentially, users with smaller dimensionality loss entail less pilots based on the SPD scheme. Simulations results reveal significant throughput gain by the SPD scheme over the state-of-the-art pilot-based approaches."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7872418/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

