+++
title = "Antenna-beam spatial transformation in C-RAN with large antenna arrays"
date = "2017-05-21"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Conf. Commun. Workshops*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE ICC Workshop*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "A spatial transformation scheme is proposed to be deployed at the radio-units (RUs) in cloud radio-access-networks (C-RAN) to alleviate the fronthaul burden and baseband signal processing complexity. The module transforms antenna domain signals to the beam domain, such that the spatial dimensionality is significantly reduced for RUs with large antenna arrays. A low-complexity transformation scheme is investigated with finite uplink receive samples. It leverages a combined discrete-Fourier-transform (C-DFT) approach, which shows significant signal power gain over the conventional DFT scheme by combining correlated DFT beams to form a more matched beam pattern. The optimality of the combination method is proved. The performance is validated by extensive simulations which are based on practical channel models and system parameters."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7962824/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

