+++
title = "Joint user scheduling and beam selection optimization for beam-based massive MIMO downlinks"
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Chen", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Tran. Wireless Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TWC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In beam-based massive multiple-input multiple-output systems, signals are processed spatially in the radio-frequency (RF) front-end and thereby the number of RF chains can be reduced to save hardware cost, power consumptions and pilot overhead. Most existing work focuses on how to select, or design analog beams to achieve performance close to full digital systems. However, since beams are strongly correlated (directed) to certain users, the selection of beams and the scheduling of users should be jointly considered. In this paper, we formulate the joint user scheduling and beam selection problem based on the Lyapunov-drift optimization framework and give the optimal scheduling policy in a closed-form. In order to make the scheduling decisions based only upon statistical channel state information, asymptotic expressions of the downlink broadcast channel capacity are derived. To address the weighted sum rate maximization problem, an algorithm based on block coordinated update is proposed and proved to converge to the global optimum of the relaxed problem. To further reduce the complexity, an incremental greedy scheduling algorithm is also proposed, whose performance is proved to be bounded within a constant multiplicative factor of $(1-e^{-1})$. Simulation results based on widely-adopted spatial channel models are given, which show that the proposed scheme is close to optimal, and outperforms the state-of-the-art beam selection schemes."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1711.06915.pdf"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

