+++
title = "Beam-based massive MIMO downlink scheduling based on statistical CSI by block coordinated update"
date = "2017-12-11"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Asia-Pacific Conf. Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE APCC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, the joint user and beam scheduling problem in beam-based massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems is formulated based on the Lyapunov-drift optimization framework and the optimal scheduling policy is given in a closed-form. To address the weighted sum rate maximization problem (mixed integer programming) arisen in the Lyapunov-drift maximization, an algorithm based on the block coordinated update is proposed and proved to converge to the global optimum of the relaxed convex problem. In order to make the scheduling decisions based only upon statistical channel state information (CSI), asymptotic expressions of the downlink broadcast channel capacity are derived. Simulation results based on widely-adopted spatial channel models are given, which show that the proposed scheme is close to the optimal scheduling scheme, and outperforms the state-of-the-art beam selection schemes."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7962824/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

