+++
title = "System design and software-defined implementation for hyper-cellular network"
date = "2017-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Sheng Chen", "Yongkang Li", "Guangchao Wang", "Liumeng Wang", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *SCIENTIA SINICA Informationis*"
publication_short = "In *SCIENTIA SINICA Informationis*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The rapid growth of traffic data in mobile networks has led to a shortage in spectrum resources and a significant increase in energy consumption. In order to solve these problems, hyper-cellular networks provide dynamic sleep and resource scheduling schemes for base stations through careful separation of control coverage and traffic coverage, thus greatly improving network spectral and energy efficiency. However, how to separate network control coverage and traffic coverage without destroying existing terminal protocol stacks is a problem that still needs to be solved. We analyze the signaling flow and protocol architecture of GSM and LTE systems, and then propose a separation scheme for these systems in a hyper-cellular architecture. The basic idea is to accomplish the separation of base station functionality by dividing the logical channel, thus achieving separation of control coverage and traffic coverage. With the aid of software radio equipment, we build an experimental platform to verify the proposed solutions. Combined with other technologies such as cloud radio access networks and Software Defined Networks, we propose a software-defined hyper cellular architecture and create a cloud-based demonstration platform."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://engine.scichina.com/publisher/scp/journal/SSI/47/5/10.1360/N112017-00040?slug=full%20text"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

