+++
title = "Optimal antenna cluster size in cell-free large-scale distributed antenna systems with imperfect CSI and intercluster interference"
date = "2015-07-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Tran. Veh. Tech.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TVT*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In cell-free large-scale distributed antenna systems (L-DASs), the antennas are distributed over the intended coverage area. Introducing cooperation among the antennas can significantly improve the system throughput. However, only finite-cluster-size (limited) cooperation with L-DAS antenna clusters is realistic due to practical limitations. In this paper, the impact of antenna cluster size on the downlink sum rate of frequency-division duplex (FDD) cell-free L-DASs is analyzed, considering imperfect channel state information (CSI) and intercluster interference (ICLI). We investigate the optimal cluster size in terms of maximizing the downlink sum rate with respect to the overhead of imperfect channel training and feedback. When the number of users is sufficiently large, closed-form lower bounds of the ergodic sum capacity, which are leveraged to analyze the system performance, are derived by constructing different rate-achieving user-scheduling schemes. Both analog and digital feedback schemes are considered to evaluate the imperfect channel feedback. Based on these, closed-form expressions of the optimal cluster size for 1-D antenna topology systems and the corresponding achievable rates are derived. The scaling law of the optimal cluster size for 2-D antenna topology systems is also given. Numerical results demonstrate the impact of the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and the block length on the achievable rates and the optimal cluster size, which agree with our analytical results."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6880846/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

