+++
title = "Closed-Form Analysis of Non-Linear Age of Information in Status Updates With an Energy Harvesting Transmitter"
date = "2019-06-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Xi Zheng", "Sheng Zhou", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TWC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Timely status updates are crucial to enabling applications in the massive Internet of Things (IoT). This paper measures the data-freshness performance of a status update system with an energy-harvesting transmitter, considering the randomness in information generation, transmission, and energy harvesting. The performance is evaluated by a non linear function of age of information (AoI) that is defined as the time elapsed since the generation of the most up-to-date status information at the receiver. The system is formulated as two queues with status packet generation and energy arrivals both assumed to be Poisson processes. With negligible service time, both first-come-first-served (FCFS) and last-come-first-served (LCFS) disciplines for arbitrary buffer and battery capacities are considered, and a method for calculating the average penalty with non-linear penalty functions is proposed. The average AoI, the average penalty under exponential penalty function, and the AoI¡¯s threshold violation probability are obtained in a closed form. When the service time is assumed to follow exponential distribution, a matrix geometric method is used to obtain the average peak AoI. The results illustrate that under the FCFS discipline, the status update frequency needs to be carefully chosen according to the service rate and energy arrival rate in order to minimize the average penalty"

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://engine.scichina.com/publisher/scp/journal/SSI/47/10/10.1360/N112017-00036?slug=full%20text"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

