+++
title = "Discrete spatial compression beyond beamspac channel sparsity based on branch-and-bound"
date = "2017-12-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Conf. Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE ICC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "One of the most challenging issues in deploying massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems is the significant radio-frequency (RF) front-end complexity, hardware cost and power consumption. Towards this end, the beamspace-MIMO based approach is a promising solution. In this paper, we first show that traditional beamspace-MIMO approaches suffer from spatial power leakage and imperfect channel statistics estimation. A beam combination module is hence proposed, which consists of a small number (compared with the number of antenna elements) of low-resolution (possibly one-bit) digital (discrete) phase shifters after beamspace transformation to further compress the beamspace signal dimensionality, such that the number of RF chains can be reduced beyond beamspace transformation and beam selection. The optimum discrete beam combination weights are obtained based on the branch-and-bound (BB) approach. The key to the BB-based solution is to solve the embodied sub-problem, whose solution is derived in a closed-form. Link-level simulation results based on realistic channel models and LTE parameters are presented which show that the proposed schemes can reduce the number of RF chains by up to 25% with a one-bit phase-shifter-network."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7962824/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

