+++
title = "A Two-Step Learning and Interpolation Method for Location-based Channel Database Construction"
date = "2018-12-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ruichen Deng", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou","Shuguang Cui", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE GLOBECOM 2018*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE GLOBECOM 2018*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Timely and accurate knowledge of channel state information (CSI) is necessary to support scheduling operations at both physical and network layers. In order to support pilotfree channel estimation in cell sleeping scenarios, we propose to adopt a channel database that stores the CSI as a function of geographic locations. Such a channel database is generated from historical user records, which usually can not cover all the locations in the cell. Therefore, we develop a two-step interpolation method to infer the channels at the uncovered locations. The method firstly applies the K-nearest-neighbor method to form a coarse database and then refines it with a deep convolutional neural network. When applied to the channel data generated by ray tracing software, our method shows a great advantage in performance over the conventional interpolation methods."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8647393"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

