+++
title = "CSI acquisition for sleeping cells in hyper cellular networks based on channel learning"
date = "2017-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ruichen Deng", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Jingchu Liu", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *SCIENTIA SINICA Informationis*"
publication_short = "In *SCIENTIA SINICA Informationis*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Channel state information (CSI) plays an important role in the next generation of cellular systems with massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) technology as the indicator of wireless channels. In hyper cellular networks (HCNs), the traffic base stations (TBSs) improve the energy efficiency by dynamical sleeping. However, the conventional pilot-based CSI acquisition method cannot be applied to sleeping cells. We proposed a novel CSI scheme strategy based on channel learning for this problem. Different from location-aided CSI acquisition scheme, the proposed method utilizes the CSI at the control base station (CBS) as input to avoid the error caused by positioning. We validate our scheme in a HCN generated by the geometry-based stochastic channel model (GSCM). The prediction accuracy of the proposed scheme is better than the K nearest neighbor (KNN) method and close to the location-aided CSI acquisition scheme, which requires the knowledge of user position."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://engine.scichina.com/publisher/scp/journal/SSI/doi/10.1360/N112017-00039?slug=abstract"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

