+++
title = "Task replication for deadline-constrained vehicular cloud computing: optimal policy, performance analysis and implications on road traffic"
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Xueying Guo", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Internet of Things Journal*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE IoT-J*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In vehicular cloud computing (VCC) systems, the computational resources of moving vehicles are exploited and managed by infrastructures, e.g., roadside units, to provide computational services. The offloading of computational tasks and collection of results rely on successful transmissions between vehicles and infrastructures during encounters. In this paper, we investigate how to provide timely computational services in VCC systems. In particular, we seek to minimize the deadline violation probability given a set of tasks to be executed in vehicular clouds. Due to the uncertainty of vehicle movements, the task replication methodology is leveraged which allows one task to be executed by several vehicles, and thus trading computational resources for delay reduction. The optimal task replication policy is of key interest. We first formulate the problem as a finite-horizon sampled-time Markov decision problem and obtain the optimal policy by value iterations. To conquer the complexity issue, we propose the balanced-task-assignment (BETA) policy which is proved optimal and has a clear structure: it always assigns the task with the minimum number of replicas. Moreover, a tight closed-form performance upper bound for the BETA policy is derived, which indicates that the deadline violation probability follows the Rayleigh distribution approximately. Applying the vehicle speed-density relationship in the traffic flow theory, we find that vehicle mobility benefits VCC systems more compared with road traffic systems, by showing that the optimum vehicle speed to minimize the deadline violation probability is larger than the critical vehicle speed in traffic theory which maximizes traffic flow efficiency."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8100863/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

