+++
title = "Remote channel inference for beamforming in ultra-dense hyper-cellular network"
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Sheng Chen", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Jingchu Liu", "Rath Vannithamby", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu", "Ye Wu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Global Communications Conference*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE GLOBECOM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we propose a learning-based low-overhead channel estimation method for coordinated beamforming in ultra-dense networks. We first show through simulation that the channel state information (CSI) of geographically separated base stations (BSs) exhibits strong non-linear correlations in terms of mutual information. This finding enables us to adopt a novel learning-based approach to remotely infer the quality of different beamforming patterns at a dense-layer BS based on the CSI of an umbrella control-layer BS. The proposed scheme can reduce channel acquisition overhead by replacing pilot-aided channel estimation with the online inference from an artificial neural network, which is fitted offline. Moreover, we propose to exploit joint learning of multiple CBSs and involve more candidate beam patterns to obtain better performance. Simulation results based on stochastic ray-tracing channel models show that the proposed scheme can reach an accuracy of 99.74% in settings with 20 beamforming patterns."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

