+++
title = "Minimum power consumption of a base station with large-scale antenna array"
date = "2013-08-29"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Asia-Pacific Conf. Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE APCC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we consider the minimum base station (BS) power consumption given the sum rate requirement in large-scale multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) systems. A single cell with an Mtot-antenna BS and N single-antenna users is considered. The BS power consumption consists of two parts: The part accounting for the total transmit power and the part proportional to the number of active antennas. Specifically, closed-form approximations (CFAs) of the optimal transmit power and optimal number of active antennas are derived when the sum rate requirement is high. A CFA of the ergodic sum capacity upper bound for the downlink broadcast channel is also given."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6765953/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

