+++
title = "Optimal sleeping mechanism for multiple servers with MMPP-based bursty traffic arrival"
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Bhaskar Krishnamachari", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Wireless Commun. Letters*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE WCL*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "An important fundamental problem in green communications and networking is the operation of servers (routers or base stations) with sleeping mechanism to optimize energy-delay tradeoffs. This problem is very challenging when considering realistic bursty, non-Poisson traffic. We prove for the first time the optimal structure of such a sleep mechanism for multiple servers when the arrival of jobs is modeled by a bursty Markov-modulated Poisson process (MMPP). It is shown that the optimal operation, which determines the number of active (or sleeping) servers dynamically, is hysteretic and monotone, and hence it is a queue-threshold-based policy. This work settles a conjecture in the literature that the optimal sleeping mechanism for a single server with interrupted Poisson arrival process, which can be treated as a special case of MMPP, is queue-threshold-based. The exact thresholds are given by numerically solving the Markov decision process."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8187673/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

