+++
title = "Learning-Based Remote Channel Inference: Feasibility Analysis and Case Study"
date = "2019-04-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Sheng Chen", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu", "Ziyan He", "Andrei Marinescu", "Luiz A. DaSilva"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Channel state information (CSI) plays a vital role in wireless communication systems. However, the CSI acquisition overhead is an enormous obstacle to realize the system performance improvements promised by massive connectivity and massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO). To alleviate this overhead, this paper proposes a remote channel inference framework by probing the channels occupied by a source base station (BS) and inferring the channels of target BSs at geographically separated sites. The work generalizes existing literature which mainly focuses on utilizing CSI linear correlations of adjacent antennas, by adopting a model-free deep learning framework to investigate non-linear remote CSI correlations. The existence of such cross-BS CSI correlations is first shown by calculating the mutual information between remote channels, and the Cram¨¦r-Rao lower bound of remote CSI inference performance based on a one-ring channel model. Inspired by this finding, modern deep learning approaches are leveraged to perform remote channel inference in heterogeneous networks for both single user and multi-user scenarios. Simulation results based on ray tracing data show evident performance advantages over conventional methods, under both homogeneous and heterogeneous frequency coverage. The proposed framework achieves beamformer inference accuracy within 4.6% of the genie-aided optimum at the cost of sweeping only two beams."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

