+++
title = "Learning-based task offloading for vehicular cloud computing systems"
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Yuxuan Sun", "Xueying Guo", "Sheng Zhou", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Xin Liu", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Commun. Conf.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE ICC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Vehicular cloud computing (VCC) is proposed to effectively utilize and share the computing and storage resources on vehicles. However, due to the mobility of vehicles, the network topology, the wireless channel states and the available computing resources vary rapidly and are difficult to predict. In this work, we develop a learning-based task offloading framework using the multi-armed bandit (MAB) theory, which enables vehicles to learn the potential task offloading performance of its neighboring vehicles with excessive computing resources, namely service vehicles (SeVs), and minimize the average offloading delay. We propose an adaptive volatile upper confidence bound (AVUCB) algorithm and augment it with load-awareness and occurrenceawareness, by redesigning the utility function of the classic MAB algorithms. The proposed AVUCB algorithm can effectively adapt to the dynamic vehicular environment, balance the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation in the learning process, and converge fast to the optimal SeV with theoretical performance guarantee. Simulations under both synthetic scenario and a realistic highway scenario are carried out, showing that the proposed algorithm achieves close-to-optimal delay performance."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

