+++
title = "SENATE: A Permissionless Byzantine Consensus Protocol in Wireless Networks for Real-Time Internet-of-Things Applications"
date = "2020-02-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Zixu Cao", "Bhaskar Krishnamachari", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE IoT J.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE IoT J.*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The blockchain technology has achieved tremendous success in open (permissionless) decentralized consensus by employing proof-of-work (PoW) or its variants, whereby unauthorized nodes cannot gain disproportionate impact on consensus beyond their computational power. However, PoW-based systems incur a high delay and low throughput, making them ineffective in dealing with real-time Internet-of-Things (IoT) applications. On the other hand, byzantine fault-tolerant (BFT) consensus algorithms with better delay and throughput performance cannot be employed in permissionless settings due to vulnerability to Sybil attacks. In this paper, we present Sybil-proof wirelEss Network coordinAte based byzanTine consEnsus (SENATE), which has the merits of both real-time consensus reaching and Sybil-proof, i.e., it is based on the conventional BFT consensus framework yet works in open systems of wireless devices where faulty nodes may launch Sybil attacks. As in a Senate in the legislature where the quota of senators per state (district) is a constant irrespective with the population of the state, ``senators'' in SENATE are selected from participating distributed nodes based on their wireless network coordinates (WNC) with a fixed number of nodes per district in the WNC space. Elected senators then participate in the subsequent consensus reaching process and broadcast the result. Thereby, SENATE is proof against Sybil attacks since pseudonyms of a faulty node are likely to be adjacent in the WNC space and hence fail to be elected. Simulation results reveal that SENATE can achieve real-time consensus (consensus delay under one second) in a network of hundreds of nodes."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

