+++
title = "Decentralized Status Update for Age-of-Information Optimization in Wireless Multiaccess Channels"
date = "2018-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Bhaskar Krishnamachari", "Xi Zheng", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE ISIT*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE ISIT*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We consider a system where multiple terminals transmit their randomly generated status updates to a base station (BS) sharing a wireless multiaccess uplink channel. The problem of interest, especially in massive Internet-of-Things systems, is that how to schedule the terminals to minimize the time-average age-of-information in a decentralized manner, namely terminals transmit autonomously, without signalling exchange (overhead) with the BS or other terminals. Towards this end, the round-robin with one-packet buffers (the newest packet at each terminal only) policy (RR-ONE) is proposed, and proved optimal among arrival-independent renewal (AIR) policies. In addition to its simple structure which is instrumental for decentralized implementation, RR-ONE is further proved asymptotically (massive terminals) optimal among all policies, including centralized and non-causal policies."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

