+++
title = "Improved Scaling Law for Status Update Timeliness in Massive IoT by Elastic Spatial Multiplexing"
date = "2018-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou","Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Commun. Conf.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE ICC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, the wireless uplink is considered for status update with a large number of terminals. Thy key problem we address is that whether spatial multiplexing of multiple terminals, enabled by the massive multiple-input multiple-output technology, can help to improve the scaling law of age-of-information versus the number of terminals, on account of the mandatory pilot overhead. Based on a queuing theory analysis, we show that the proposed elastic spatial multiplexing scheme, which assigns an optimized pilot length that is smaller than the number of transmitting terminals on account of random packet arrivals, can indeed improve the scaling law compared with the optimal scaling law without spatial multiplexing, by a factor that is related to the packet lengths and arrival rates. Simulation results are provided to validate our findings."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

