+++
title = "Dynamic channel acquisition in MU-MIMO"
date = "2014-12-29"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Tran. Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TCOM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Multiuser multiple-input-multiple-output (MU-MIMO) systems are known to be hindered by dimensionality loss due to channel state information (CSI) acquisition overhead. In this paper, we investigate user-scheduling in MU-MIMO systems on account of CSI acquisition overhead, where a base station dynamically acquires user channels to avoid choking the system with CSI overhead. The genie-aided optimization problem (GAP) is first formulated to maximize the Lyapunov-drift every scheduling step, incorporating user queue information and taking channel fluctuations into consideration. The scheduling scheme based on GAP, namely the GAP-rule, is proved to be throughput-optimal but practically infeasible, and thus serves as a performance bound. In view of the implementation overhead and delay unfairness of the GAP-rule, the T-frame dynamic channel acquisition scheme and the power-law DCA scheme are further proposed to mitigate the implementation overhead and delay unfairness, respectively. Both schemes are based on the GAP-rule and proved throughput-optimal. To make the schemes practically feasible, we then propose the heuristic schemes, queue-based quantized-block-length user scheduling scheme (QQS), T-frame QQS, and power-law QQS, which are the practical versions of the aforementioned GAP-based schemes, respectively. The QQS-based schemes substantially decrease the complexity, and also perform fairly close to the optimum. Numerical results evaluate the proposed schemes under various system parameters."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6951365/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

