+++
title = "Methods and apparatuses for spatial pre-processing of signals in a wireless communication system"
date = "2018-04-19"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Virgile Garcia", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Hai Wang"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["4"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*US PATENT*"
publication_short = "*US PATENT*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Embodiments of the present disclosure provide methods, apparatuses and computer program for spatial pre-processing of signals in a wireless communication system. The method is implemented at a receiving device side and comprises: receiving signals from a transmitting device via a plurality of antennas; and determining, for a resource unit, a spatial pre-processing scheme to be applied to the signals before baseband processing, based on information related to one or more of the received signals, the transmitting device and the receiving device. The method may provide enhancement of signal strength, reduction in complexity of baseband processing, and/or reduction in amount of data to be transmitted over various interface within the receiving device."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

