+++
title = "Time-Sequence Channel Inference for Beam Alignment\\ in Vehicular Networks"
date = "2018-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou","Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE GlobalSIP*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE GlobalSIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we propose a learning-based low-overhead beam alignment method for vehicle-to-infrastructure communication in vehicular networks. The main idea is to remotely infer the optimal beam directions at a target base station in future time slots, based on the CSI of a source base station in previous time slots. The proposed scheme can reduce channel acquisition and beam training overhead by replacing pilot-aided beam training with online inference from a sequence-to-sequence neural network. Simulation results based on ray-tracing channel data show that our proposed scheme achieves a 8.86% improvement over location-based beamforming schemes with a positioning error of $1$m, and is within a 4.93% performance loss compared with the genie-aided optimal beamformer."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

