+++
title = "Distributed Policy Learning Based Random Access for Diversified QoS Requirements"
date = "2019-04-19"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE ICC 2019*"
publication_short = "*IEEE ICC 2019*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Future wireless access networks need to support diversified quality of service (QoS) metrics required by various types of Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices, e.g., age of information (AoI) for status generating sources and ultra low latency for safety information in vehicular networks. In this paper, a novel inner-state driven random access (ISDA) framework is proposed based on distributed policy learning, in particular a cross-entropy method. Conventional random access schemes, e.g., p-CSMA, assume state-less terminals, and thus assigning equal priorities to all. In ISDA, the inner-states of terminals are described by a time-varying state vector, and the transmission probabilities of terminals in the contention period are determined by their respective inner-states. Neural networks are leveraged to approximate the function mappings from inner-states to transmission probabilities, and an iterative approach is adopted to improve these mappings in a distributed manner. Experiment results show that ISDA can improve the QoS of heterogeneous terminals simultaneously compared to conventional CSMA schemes."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

