+++
title = "Status from a Random Field: How Densely Should One Update?"
date = "2019-04-19"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE ISIT 2019*"
publication_short = "*IEEE ISIT 2019*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In many applications, status information of a general spatial process, in contrast to a point information source, is of interest. In this paper, we consider a system where status information is drawn from a random field and transmitted to a fusion center through a wireless multiaccess channel. The optimal density of spatial sampling points to minimize the remote status estimation error is investigated. Assuming a one-dimensional Gauss Markov random field and an exponential correlation function, closed-form expressions of remote estimation error are obtained for First-Come First-Served (FCFS) and Last-Come First-Served (LCFS) service disciplines. The optimal spatial sampling density for the LCFS case is given explicitly. Simulation results are presented which agree with our analysis."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

