+++
title = "Achievable rates of FDD massive MIMO systems with spatial channel correlation"
date = "2015-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "A. F. Molisch", "Giuseppe Caire", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TWC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "It is well known that the performance of frequency-division-duplex (FDD) massive MIMO systems with i.i.d. channels is disappointing compared with that of time-division-duplex (TDD) systems, due to the prohibitively large overhead for acquiring channel state information at the transmitter (CSIT). In this paper, we investigate the achievable rates of FDD massive MIMO systems with spatially correlated channels, considering the CSIT acquisition dimensionality loss, the imperfection of CSIT and the regularized-zero-forcing linear precoder. The achievable rates are optimized by judiciously designing the downlink channel training sequences and user CSIT feedback codebooks, exploiting the multiuser spatial channel correlation. We compare our achievable rates with TDD massive MIMO systems, i.i.d. FDD systems, and the joint spatial division and multiplexing (JSDM) scheme, by deriving the deterministic equivalents of the achievable rates, based on the one-ring model and the Laplacian model. It is shown that, based on the proposed eigenspace channel estimation schemes, the rate-gap between FDD systems and TDD systems is significantly narrowed, even approached under moderate number of base station antennas. Compared to the JSDM scheme, our proposal achieves dimensionality-reduction channel estimation without channel pre-projection, and higher throughput for moderate number of antennas and moderate to large channel coherence block length, though at higher computational complexity."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7018998/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

