+++
title = "Optimizing Information Freshness in Broadcast Network with Unreliable Links and Random Arrivals: An Approximate Index Policy"
date = "2019-04-19"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jingzhou Sun", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE INFOCOM 2019 Workshop on Age of Information*"
publication_short = "*IEEE INFOCOM 2019 AoI WKS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "With the rapid growth of real-time Internet of Things (IoT) applications, the need for fresh information has surged. Age of Information (AoI) is a tailor-made metric to characterize the information freshness perceived by the devices. In this paper, we investigate the problem of scheduling updates to minimize AoI in broadcast network. In this case, a central controller, e.g. a base station, collects status updates from different sources and schedules them to corresponding clients. Different from previous work, we consider both stochastic status updates and unreliable links. The problem is first modeled as an infinite horizon average constrained cost Markov decision problem (CMDP).With Lagrangian relaxation, an approximation of Whittle¡¯s index is derived and a scheduling policy is designed based on the approximate index. The results in previous work can be view as degenerate cases of the approximation index policy either with reliable links or periodic arrival constraints. Simulation results demonstrate the near-optimal performance of the proposed policy."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

