+++
title = "Scalable Multi-Agent Learning for Situationally-Aware Multiple-Access and Grant-Free Transmissions"
date = "2019-04-30"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Andrei Marinescu", "Luiz DaSilva", "Sheng Zhou","Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE SPAWC 2019*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE SPAWC 2019*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we present Situationally-aware Multiple-Access and gRant-free Transmissions (SMART) to address the low-latency multiple access issue in wireless uplinks with massive machine-type communications (mMTC). SMART is smart in a distributed manner, as terminals are trained to be situationally aware. The solution is based on a distributed reinforcement learning framework which is capable of dealing with diversified quality-of-service requirements. As such, terminals can make informed transmission decisions by themselves, e.g., by taking into account the urgency of their packets and system load. In this way, the effective number of concurrent access terminals is significantly reduced while maintaining the system performance. Compared with conventional contention-based random access schemes, SMART has significant advantages. Building upon our previous work [1], this work presents the first SMART algorithm that is scalable to massive terminals (hundreds) and stable with near-optimal performance."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

