+++
title = "Revealing Much While Saying Less: Predictive Wireless for Status Update"
date = "2019-12-07"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Zixu Cao", "Siyu Fu", "Fei Peng", "Shan Cao", "Shunqing Zhang", "Shugong Xu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE INFOCOM*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE INFOCOM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Wireless communications for status update are becoming increasingly important, especially for machine-type control applications. Existing work has been mainly focused on Age of Information (AoI) optimizations. In this paper, a status-aware predictive wireless interface design, networking and implementation are presented which aim to minimize the status recovery error of a wireless networked system by leveraging online status model predictions. Two critical issues of predictive status update are addressed: practicality and usefulness. Link-level experiments on a Software-Defined-Radio (SDR) testbed are conducted and test results show that the proposed design can significantly reduce the number of wireless transmissions while maintaining a low status recovery error. A Status-aware Multi-Agent Reinforcement learning neTworking solution (SMART) is proposed to dynamically and autonomously control the transmit decisions of devices in an ad hoc network based on their individual statuses. System-level simulations of a multi dense platooning scenario are carried out on a road traffic simulator. Results show that the proposed schemes can greatly improve the platooning control performance in terms of the minimum safe distance between successive vehicles, in comparison with the AoI-optimized status-unaware and communication latency-optimized schemes---this demonstrates the usefulness of our proposed status update schemes in a real-world application."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/338208133_Revealing_Much_While_Saying_Less_Predictive_Wireless_for_Status_Update"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

