+++
title = "Deep Reinforcement Learning-Based Beam Tracking for Low-Latency Services in Vehicular Networks"
date = "2020-02-11"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Yan Liu", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Shunqing Zhang","Shugong Xu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Commun. Conf.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE ICC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Ultra-Reliable and Low-Latency Communications (URLLC) services in vehicular networks on millimeter-wave bands present a significant challenge, considering the necessity of constantly adjusting the beam directions. Conventional methods are mostly based on classical control theory, e.g., Kalman filter and its variations, which mainly deal with stationary scenarios. Therefore, severe application limitations exist, especially with complicated, dynamic Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) channels. This paper gives a thorough study of this subject, by first modifying the classical approaches, e.g., Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) and Particle Filter (PF), for non-stationary scenarios, and then proposing a Reinforcement Learning (RL)-based approach that can achieve the URLLC requirements in a typical intersection scenario. Simulation results based on a commercial ray-tracing simulator show that enhanced EKF and PF methods achieve packet delay more than $10$ ms, whereas the proposed deep RL-based method can reduce the latency to about $6$ ms, by extracting context information from the training data."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

