+++
title = "On the achievable rates of FDD massive MIMO systems with spatial channel correlation"
date = "2014-10-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "A. F. Molisch", "Giuseppe Caire", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE/CIC International Conference on Commununications in China*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE/CIC ICCC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we study the optimization of the achievable rates of frequency-division-duplex (FDD) massive multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) systems with spatially correlated channels, by designing the downlink channel training sequences and the uplink channel feedback codebooks. In particular, the optimal channel training sequences and a Karhunen-Loeve transform followed by entropy coded scalar quantization codebook are proposed to optimize the achievable rates. We compare our achievable rates with time-division-duplex (TDD) massive MIMO systems, i.i.d. FDD systems, and the joint spatial division and multiplexing (JSDM) scheme. It is shown that, the rate-gap between FDD systems and TDD systems is significantly narrowed. Compared to the JSDM scheme, our proposal achieves dimensionality-reduction channel estimation without channel pre-projection, and higher throughput in general, though at higher computational complexity."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7008286/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

