+++
title = "Optimal Blocklength Allocation towards Reduced Age of Information in Wireless Sensor Networks"
date = "2019-12-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Bin Han", "Yao Zhu", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Yulin Hu","Hans D. Schotten"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Global Communications Conference Workshop*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE GLOBECOM WKSP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The freshness or timeliness of data at server is a significant key performance indicator of sensor networks, especially in tolerance critical applications such as factory automation.As an effective and intuitive measurement to data timeliness, the metric of Age of Information (AoI) has attracted an intensive recent interest of research. This paper initiates a study on the AoI of wireless sensor networks working in the finite blocklength (FBL) regime as a resource allocation problem, and proposes to minimize the long-term discounted system AoI as a Markov decision process (MDP). The proposed method with its optimum solved by Reinforced Learning technique is verified by simulations to outperform benchmarks, including the conventional error rate minimizing policy."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06500"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

