+++
title = "Error Analysis for Status Update from Sensors with Temporally and Spatially Correlated Observations"
date = "2021-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Heng Zhang", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Shugong Xu", "Sheng Zhou"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Tran. Wireless Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TWC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper studies the status update performance in wireless sensor networks when status, describing the physical reality that is being sensed, is temporally and spatially correlated. The status is modeled as a time-varying Gauss-Markov Random Field (GMRF), whereby the estimation error of status update at the fusion center is analyzed. The transmission latency introduced by wireless networks is modeled as exponentially distributed random variables. We extend the existing queuing analysis results for Age of Information (AoI) with uncorrelated sources to GMRF in the considered scenario. Closed-form expressions of average remote estimation error are obtained for both one-and two-dimensional GMRFs assuming the exponential time-correlation function, both First-Come First-Served (FCFS) and Last-Come First-Served (LCFS) service disciplines, and a single wireless link. The analytical results are then extended to scenarios wherein multi-packet reception, i.e., multiple concurrent wireless links, is enabled; the difficulty of analyzing obsolete updates in this case is addressed leveraging a reasonable approximation validated by theoretical analysis in the regime where the number of sensors is far more than that of wireless links. Monte-Carlo simulation results are also presented which agree with our theoretical analysis. Based on the results, optimal time and spatial domain sampling rates (e.g., sensor density) can be obtained, providing helpful guidance to wireless sensor deployment."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9280382"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

