+++
title = "On dimensionality loss in FDD massive MIMO systems"
date = "2015-03-09"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Wirelss Commun. Netw. Conf.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE WCNC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Dimensionality loss is defined as the channel estimation overhead, which results in a loss of time-frequency resources in pilot-assisted wireless systems. In this paper, the scaling result of dimensionality loss, i.e., the scaling factor, in frequency-division-duplex (FDD) massive multiple-input-multiple-output(MIMO) downlinks is derived. The scaling factor determines the amount of channel estimation overhead, and thus is vital to understand the downlink throughput in FDD massive MIMO systems. Moreover, the transmit diversity of the downlink channel is also derived. In the simulations, we adopt a geometry-based stochastic channel model to validate our analysis. The impact of several assumptions made in our analysis is also investigated."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127503/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

