+++
title = "Predictive Wireless Based Status Update for Communication-Agnostic Sampling"
date = "2021-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**","Wei Zhang", "Zixu Cao","Shan Cao", "Shunqing Zhang", "Shugong Xu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Tran. Wireless Commun.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE TWC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In a wireless network that conveys status updates from sources (i.e., sensors) to destinations, one of the key issues studied by existing literature is how to design an optimal source sampling strategy on account of the communication constraints which are often modeled as queues. In this paper, an alternative perspective is presented¡ªa novel status-aware communication scheme, namely parallel communications, is proposed which allows sensors to be communication-agnostic. Specifically, the proposed scheme can determine, based on an online prediction functionality, whether a status packet is worth transmitting considering both the network condition and status prediction, such that sensors can generate status packets without communication constraints. We evaluate the proposed scheme on a Software-Defined-Radio (SDR) test platform, which is integrated with a collaborative autonomous driving simulator, i.e., Simulation-of-Urban-Mobility (SUMO), to produce realistic vehicle control models and road conditions. The results show that with online status predictions, the channel occupancy is significantly reduced, while guaranteeing low status recovery error. Then the framework is applied to two scenarios: a multi-density platooning scenario, and a flight formation control scenario. Simulation results show that the scheme achieves better performance on the network level, in terms of keeping the minimum safe distance in both vehicle platooning and flight control."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9280382"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

