+++
title = "Age-Optimal Scheduling for Heterogeneous Traffic with Timely-Throughput Constraint"
date = "2020-02-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jingzhou Sun", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*IEEE INFOCOM 2020 Workshop on Age of Information*"
publication_short = "*IEEE INFOCOM 2020 AoI WKS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "For many time-critical Internet of Things applications, the performance depends heavily on the freshness of information. A fundamental problem in this scenario is how to support heterogeneous information traffic whose freshness may be measured by different metrics. This paper studies a single-link wireless communication system where a sender supports two types of traffic---status update and delay-constrained traffic. The sender decides whether to serve the delay-constrained traffic or sample an underlying status process and update the receiver (central controller) on the status. The optimal scheduling policy is designed to minimize the long-term average age of information (AoI) of the status at the central controller while guaranteeing minimum timely-throughput of the delay-constrained traffic. This problem is first formulated as a Constrained Markov Decision Process (CMDP) and then converted into unconstrained MDP by Lagrangian relaxation. Structure property of the optimal policy for the CMDP is derived and an optimal policy is developed. Moreover, considering the computation overhead of MDP, we develop a rather simple scheduling policy based on the Lyapunov-drift method. The performance is analyzed theoretically and verified by simulations."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

