+++
title = "Age-Optimal Scheduling for Heterogeneous Traffic with Timely Throughput Constraints"
date = "2021-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jingzhou Sun", "Lehan Wang", "**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Shugong Xu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE JSAC*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE JSAC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We consider a base station supporting two types of traffics, i.e., status update traffic and timely throughput traffic. The goal is to improve the information freshness of status update traffic while satisfying timely throughput constraints. Age of Information (AoI) is adopted as a metric for information freshness. We first propose an age-aware policy that makes scheduling decisions based on the current value of AoI directly. Given timely throughput constraint, an upper bound of the weighted average AoI under this policy is provided. To evaluate policy performance, it is important to obtain the minimum weighted average AoI achievable given timely throughput constraint. A low complexity method is proposed to estimate a lower bound of this value. Furthermore, inspired by the estimation procedure, we design an age-oblivious policy that does not rely on the current AoI to make scheduling decisions. Surprisingly, simulation results show that the weighted average AoI of the age-oblivious policy is comparable to that of the age-aware policy, and both are close to the lower bound."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["sdt"]

# Links (optional).
# url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9280382"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

