+++
title = "User scheduling in pilot-assisted TDD multiuser MIMO systems"
date = "2015-03-09"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Zhiyuan Jiang**", "Sheng Zhou", "Zhisheng Niu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Wirelss Commun. Netw. Conf.*"
publication_short = "In *IEEE WCNC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "User scheduling in multiuser multiple-input-multiple-output (MU-MIMO) systems is fundamentally different with single-user systems1, in the sense that without spatial multiplexing, users in single-user systems are sharing the time-frequency degree-of-freedoms (DoFs), whereas in MU-MIMO systems, due to the fact that the number of spatial DoFs scales with the number of users (assuming sufficient base station (BS) antennas), users are not sharing the DoFs, but rather creating additional DoFs for their own use. However, instead of limited by the available DoFs, the number of simultaneous users are limited by the channel state information (CSI) acquisition overhead in pilot-assisted MU-MIMO systems. In this paper, we investigate the user scheduling scheme in pilot-assisted time-division-duplex (TDD) MU-MIMO systems. Leveraging the Lyapunov optimization techniques, we derive the throughput-optimal scheduling policy which serves as a performance bound due to its non-causality and high complexity. We then propose a heuristic scheme, which is causal and substantially decreases the complexity. Moreover, it performs fairly close to the optimum."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["mimo"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7127557/"
# url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

